README.md, before:


[![build status](https://gitlab.com/neoroma/gym-dots/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/neoroma/gym-dots/commits/master)


# General

### Running the app

Use command `npm run dev:server` to start webpack and json-server

mockapi is running on `http://localhost:3000`

### About flow

install flow and flow-typed globally

`yarn global add flow-bin`

`yarn global add flow-typed` 

`yarn` to install deps

`flow-typed install` to update flow typed deps versions

`yarn flow` for running flow

VSCODE specific, add to seettings, to avoid error
`"javascript.validate.enable": false`

### Action Structure
our actions should contain props type and payload

```
{
    type: '',
    payload: {
        
    }
}
```
## Presentational components

## Container components
### Helper method names for connected components

- mapStateToProps
- mapActionsToProps

# Testing

## Component

### Components structure

```

components
       common
           Header
               UserArea
           Footer
               FooterButton
       views
           - Settings
           - Activity
               - PreWorkout (сортировка упражнений)
                   - ManagingList
               - Workout
                   - Training
                   - Resting
                   - Completed
               - PostWorkout | Completed
           - Overlay
               - GetReady
               - Paused
               
```

### Guide

- How my component should look like with a given set of props?
- Can I determine all possible collections of props. So if a day label should render a day of the week 

```['M', 'T', 'W', 'T', 'F', 'S', 'S']```

The easiest way is to use the toMatchSnapshot() method for every input from this list

```$javascript

['M', 'T', 'W', 'T', 'F', 'S', 'S'].forEach(dayOfTheWeek => {
    const props = { 
        dayOfTheWeek
    }
        
    expect(shallow(<MyComponent {...props} />)).toMatchSnapshot()
})

```
This will create a number of snapshots

## Action Creators

Simple creator is just returning an object which should have payload and type props, easy to test. 

Async creators are at the end generating a list of actions (expectedActions) to be dispatched by the store, 
this behaviour should be tested. 

## Reducers

Commit message:

#56 Add some components naming logic description

README.md, after:


[![build status](https://gitlab.com/neoroma/gym-dots/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.com/neoroma/gym-dots/commits/master)


# General

### Running the app

Use command `npm run dev:server` to start webpack and json-server

mockapi is running on `http://localhost:3000`

### About flow

install flow and flow-typed globally

`yarn global add flow-bin`

`yarn global add flow-typed` 

`yarn` to install deps

`flow-typed install` to update flow typed deps versions

`yarn flow` for running flow

VSCODE specific, add to seettings, to avoid error
`"javascript.validate.enable": false`

### Action Structure
our actions should contain props type and payload

```
{
    type: '',
    payload: {
        
    }
}
```

## Container components

For a container component please use naming : 

- {Name}Container.js
- {Name}Container.connect.js to define a connection to redux
- {Name}Container.helper.js to have some utility helper methods

There should not be any tests for {Name}Container.connect.js files *

### Helper method names for connected components (inside {Name}Container.connect.js)

- mapStateToProps
- mapActionsToProps

## Presentational components

For a dummy component please use naming : 

- {Name}.js
- {Name}.glamor.js (for having some significant amount of styles)
- {Name}.helper.js to have some utility helper methods

# Testing

## Component

### Components structure

```

components
       common
           Header
               UserArea
           Footer
               FooterButton
       views
           - Settings
           - Activity
               - PreWorkout (сортировка упражнений)
                   - ManagingList
               - Workout
                   - Training
                   - Resting
                   - Completed
               - PostWorkout | Completed
           - Overlay
               - GetReady
               - Paused
               
```

### Guide

- How my component should look like with a given set of props?
- Can I determine all possible collections of props. So if a day label should render a day of the week 

```['M', 'T', 'W', 'T', 'F', 'S', 'S']```

The easiest way is to use the toMatchSnapshot() method for every input from this list

```$javascript

['M', 'T', 'W', 'T', 'F', 'S', 'S'].forEach(dayOfTheWeek => {
    const props = { 
        dayOfTheWeek
    }
        
    expect(shallow(<MyComponent {...props} />)).toMatchSnapshot()
})

```
This will create a number of snapshots

## Action Creators

Simple creator is just returning an object which should have payload and type props, easy to test. 

Async creators are at the end generating a list of actions (expectedActions) to be dispatched by the store, 
this behaviour should be tested.

## Reducers

should have names:

- {name}.reducer.js where {name} is the property name in the global state
